DEVDOCS-4318: [edit] Clarify Google Analytics enhanced ecommerce references (#1580)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/stencil-docs/developing-further/google-analytics-enhanced-ecommerce.md

# Google Analytics Enhanced ECommerce

Google Analytics is a free analytics tool that helps you track visitors and conversions on your store. BigCommerce has updated the Google Analytics integration to support Enhanced Ecommerce.  As a part of the Enhanced ECommerce feature, Stencil themes now support data attributes.

Data attributes provide detailed data on the way shoppers interact with your store’s products, but the use cases for data attributes are not limited to product data collection. For example, data attributes can also track whether promotions were viewed or clicked. BigCommerce’s data attributes are powered by [Segment](https://segment.com/docs/destinations/google-analytics/) and [Platform.js](https://github.com/segment-integrations/analytics.js-integration-google-analytics/blob/master/lib/index.js), and send your store’s product data to Google Analytics.

> Cornerstone versions 2.6.0+ will have data attributes already included in the theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cornerstone versions 2.6.0+ have data attributes already included in the theme.

```

<!-- theme: danger -->
> #### GAEE for Blueprint Themes

> > While you can implement data attributes with Blueprint themes, we do not currently have specific documentation on how to do this. The data attribute HTML structure will be the same as it is in a Stencil theme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> While you can implement data attributes with Blueprint themes, we do not currently have specific documentation on how to do this. The data attribute HTML structure is the same as it is in a Stencil theme.

```

### Downloading a theme
Data attributes will work on any theme. For this tutorial, we will be adding data attributes to the Cornerstone theme. If you do not already have a local copy of Cornerstone on your machine, see [Downloading a theme](/stencil-docs/installing-stencil-cli/live-previewing-a-theme#downloading-a-theme).

> If you would like to implement data attributes on your custom theme and do not already have a copy of your custom theme downloaded, see [The BigCommerce Theme Marketplace](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/The-Bigcommerce-Themes-Marketplace?language=en_US).

Author: ```suggestion
If you would like to implement data attributes on your custom theme and do not already have a copy of your custom theme downloaded, see the BigCommerce [Theme Marketplace](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/The-Bigcommerce-Themes-Marketplace).
```

### Adding data attributes into Cornerstone’s HTML files

> Data attributes must be manually added to a product in order to track shopper events and interactions with a product. Because data attributes collect product data at a very granular level, there will be multiple locations you will have to add attributes on a singular product in order to get a comprehensive look at the product’s data. For example, if you want to, it is imperative to note that you can view a product by clicking any of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must manually add data attributes to a product in order to track shopper events and interactions with a product. Because data attributes collect product data at a very granular level, there will be multiple locations you will have to add attributes on a singular product to get a comprehensive look at the product’s data. For example, if you want to, it is imperative to note that you can view a product by clicking any of the following:

```

* The name of the product
* The **Quick View** button
* The product image

So, if you would like to track the clicks on a specific product, in order to ensure you get a fully comprehensive look at shoppers’ interactions with a product, you will want to include a data attribute on each of these fields. If a specific product possesses multiple data attributes, the data attribute that is closest to the product is the one that will track clicks, product impressions, or product views.

> Use simple HTML to implement data attributes in your store. In order to begin tracking, you will add data attributes to the already existing HTML tags present in your theme.

Author: ```suggestion
Use simple HTML to implement data attributes in your store. To begin tracking, add data attributes to the HTML tags that are already present in your theme.
```

> * If tracking data for a product, either `data-entity-id` or `data-name` are required.
> * If tracking data for a product list, `data-product-list` or `data-entity-id` are required.

> The “tracked product” refers to the product on which you insert the data attribute.

Author: ```suggestion
The term **tracked product** refers to the product on which you insert the data attribute.
```

| `data-entity-id` | The `data-entity-id` is equal to the tracked item’s id. | integer | `data-entity-id=12` |
| `data-position` | The `data-position` attribute is equal to the tracked product’s position or the tracked promotion’s position. | Value is a string if creating the data attribute for a promotion. The string should denote the location of the promotion. <br><br>Value is an integer if creating the data attribute for a product. The integer should represent the product’s placement. An example use case for this data attribute is to answer a question like, “does the product in position 1 sell more than the product in position 4?” | **String Value Example:** `data-position="center"` <br><br>**Integer Value Example:** `data-position=2` |
| `data-banner-id` | The `data-banner-id` attribute is the id of the banner being tracked. Do not mistake the banner id with the promotion id. | integer | `data-banner-id=5` |

> | `data-event-type` | The `data-event-type` attribute is equal to the shopper event that will be tracked. There are 4 shopper/product interactions you can measure and set the data-event-type equal to. Custom events are not yet implemented. | **String that can be one of:** <br>`"promotion"`<br>`"promotion click"`<br>`"product"`<br>`"list"` | `data-event-type="promotion"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data-event-type` | The `data-event-type` attribute is equal to the tracked shopper event. There are four shopper/product interactions you can measure and set the data-event-type equal to. Custom events are not yet implemented. | **String that can be one of:** <br>`"promotion"`<br>`"promotion click"`<br>`"product"`<br>`"list"` | `data-event-type="promotion"` |

```
